
# THE GUESSING GAME
#### VIDEO demo: https://youtu.be/dPsPTzfQ3SM?si=fk2WcvOdJOhCI_UU
#### Description: My code is a simple code, first i make a main class, them i make four methods name guess_the_word, guess_the_number, guess_the_map, and lastly the main_choice. The guess_the_word method and guess_the_map is like the same but different categories for the guess_the_word its like you guessing the Proggraming Language like python, java, html and more. For the guess_the_map it is like guessing the Citys in other countries. Like London, Paris and more. In my geuss_the_number it is different this is guessing the random number and it has a level 1-3. Also in my guess_the_word and map it has a clue for it to not to be difficult to others to play and its giving a random words and random number also. In addition i use import emoji and import random in my code, also if you win or guess the word or number that us secret you will be congratulates by the system and the thumbs-up will appear and else if you lose the game the system says Game Over. In my guess_the_number i says it has a level 1-3. In the level 1 the number will be random 1-15, level 2 the number will be random 20-40, and lastly in level 3 the number will be random 60-100. In my main_choice the user will choose the what game he or she want to play if want 1 guess the programming language, else if 2 guess the Number, lastly for else 3 guess the city. If the user click invalid number the system will display invalid choice. This Function is also in the guess_the_word, guess_the_number, and guess_the_map.
